hello my name is Tebow from fly-fish
Europe I want to speak to you about the
new radiant rods Radian rods make steel
last year small bears in fly fishing
world there are meant to be the rod of
choice
to fish equally well short distance and
long distance
it's a pointy action rod but really like
the slogan says we're fast meets feeding
in the sense that you have a very high
speed recovery tip but a rod that bends
slowly till the middle part of the of
the rod a real pleasure to cast and to
use for quite every kind of fishing the
Radian rods come in a totally complete
range from eight and a half foot to ten
foot between lines for number three for
excuse me four to eight okay you can
also find some double hand rods skandhas
tie rods made of the same blanks the
reagan blanks again very very high
recovery tip very effective rod two
casts for this demonstration I have set
up nine foot five weight rod with a
speedster number two and the new
shockwave in the five weight
this rod is a real pleasure to role
casts even if even a distance and very
easy again you can easily switch cast
and gain easy distance you can fish long
but you can also fish very very near of
you quite in your sockets you will
always have the same feeling with the
rod as you can see the tip of the rod
recovers very very quick and achieves
very small loops very effective loops
equality is with some classic casting
styles okay
or rather scandi styles
radian rods are some of the best roads
actually on the market I hope you will
give them a try if you have the occasion
to try it in some demos don't hesitate
you